this week in which the mec released the results of schools with better
performance in secondary education, which allied and took place in relation to
private schools and public schools still need to improve a lot and
some philanthropic institutions can serve as examples
they have similar pedagogical proposals there are traditional and
presented part of the results
structured laboratories multiprofessional team of service to the
students
the structure that the petitioner is convinced by the state
but the Catarina school and 34 30
attendance being fundamental
eight hundred poor students from the neighborhood memorare north of the capital
the biggest difference is in the pedagogical proposal
with a focus on reading and understanding
in the second year
everyone pleads less the book per week
in this way to preserve impunity
was what we did in the Bordeaux treatments
the classes are demure with ludic activities like lusa
in the same year in May of the process
these students are trained readers
teams a lot of difference from the entrance exam
they will get
a greater condition of understanding than of interpreting
already those who have the experience of reading on September 27
between them they could not
the quality that is necessary because expropriation
the results achieved over 54 years reflects
in 2009 the school had 500 registrations for 50 vacancies
the interest happens through a judicious process
the children go through a selective test and up they want it is necessary commitment
who disapproves gives place to who is on the waiting list
and we always try to work with the family so that the
child has a good going home student too
when this is not possible
but the family does not interest us
and the child
gets in trouble with the school can not
- we have to ask for the child's withdrawal upon completion of
fundamental for
suzana won an integral scholarship to attend high school in one of the most
of the capital
passed the college entrance exam and today is a successful physiotherapist
It was important because I prepare myself here competing as equals
students from other schools
the school madre maria villac that some examples of teaching excellence
was the eighth place in piauí the last enem
the story began in 1992 with reinforcement classes
the structures were placed where a smoke-hole worked in the neighborhood
satellite
can only change the lives of families through education and education
basic education releases this maximum
elementary school students still have a morning reinforcement in the afternoon
in high school it is seven and a half hours in the classroom per day
the result can be
result of approved in the vestibular
examples for nothing
who is preparing to try medicine with the mission as the end of the year
she is made in life